Use correct hyperlink for collectives in terminology.md (#131)
opencollective/documentation: about/terminology.md

**Funds**

> A [Fund](https://github.com/opencollective/documentation/tree/1b6b2a20534e35ca28433008c25dfde7a0e386fa/help/financial-contributors/organizations/funds/README.md), with a capital F, \(as opposed to a [Collective](terminology.md#collectives)\) is a streamlined, single-payer process for supporters. A **Fund** is likely less interested in the 'social' & crowdfunding aspects of fundraising. This type of account will have a more simplified version of our dashboard for those who don't want all the extra features that group-organizing benefits from.

Reviewer: The link to `Fund` is broken as well. Maybe we need to link it to the funds section in the documentation. 

```suggestion
A [Fund](https://docs.opencollective.com/help/financial-contributors/organizations/funds), with a capital F, \(as opposed to a [Collective](terminology.md#collectives)\) is a streamlined, single-payer process for supporters. A **Fund** is likely less interested in the 'social' & crowdfunding aspects of fundraising. This type of account will have a more simplified version of our dashboard for those who don't want all the extra features that group-organizing benefits from.
```

Author: Did you consider adding a relative link instead of an absolute link? I browsed through the repository a bit, and from what it looked like to me, relative links are preferred over absolute ones.

Reviewer: Yes good point. 👍🏽  Feel free to add a relative link. 👍🏽
